ECAT {MI} - Introduction to the Military Intelligence Branch
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT, {MI} - Introduction to the Military Intelligence Branch.
Today we’ll be looking at the MI branch, its function and leadership team.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Military Intelligence is one of the four main branches within the UK.
The branch is responsible for keeping headquarters active, keeping employees engaged,
visiting allies and collecting foreign intelligence, as well as training.
If you join the branch from being an LR and undergoing an interview, you join as a 9iC Agent.
As a 9iC Agent, you are expected to educate members through ECATs such as these.
This includes holding Basic Training {BT} ECATs for new recruits and those transferring in.
However, as you prove yourself and rank up to 8iC Officer and higher,
you will gain new responsibilities, such as visiting foreign agencies and hosting events in HQ.
All members of MI are expected to both give training sessions and fill stations in HQ.

The MI branch is headed by the Director General [4iC]: NoahC500.
The Deputy Director General [5iC], assists the Director General in the running of the branch,
and, naturally, deputises when the role is vacant or the Dir. Gen. is on LOA.
When the role is vacant, too, the Home Secretary will provide additional aid to the branch,
The Personnel Director [6iC] focuses on the wellbeing of MI personnel,
as well as ensuring they complete their assigned duties.
This makes up MI Senior Leadership.
The leadership team also includes the Training Strategist [7iC],
who focuses on the development of ECATs and other training materials.
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions

As those in MI often interact with the public,
through their hosting of events, and during training sessions,
it’s important for MI personnel to be able to show decorum and be able to be polite, etc.
One of the ways the branch analyses its performance is through measuring net gain of employees.
Net gain is the difference in the number of employees between two distinct times.
For example, today and yesterday.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

Royalty and Specialist Protection (RaSP) is a body within MI which guards
members of the Cabinet, the Royal Family, and foreign dignitaries during special events.
Examples of such events include treaty signings, the State Opening of Parliament and balls.
RaSP is jointly-headed by the Directors General and Personnel and all MI personnel may join.

Members of the MI branch are able to promote, strike, and dismiss LRs.
This gives the opportunity to reward Low Ranks for their hard work.
However, this is only after they have successfully passed the Agency Academy Programme (AAP).
The AAP is a probationary period for all new MI personnel.
Through this period, one must first observe a training session.
Then, they must themselves train with a member of MI Leadership present.
If they performed the session to a satisfactory standard, they may train on their own.

Next, I’ll give you a short quiz to assess what you’ve learnt.
You need 3/4 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.
Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.


Ensure not to copy the answer along with the question
1. Who is the current Director General?
NoahC500
2. What is meant by net gain?
Difference in number of employees between two distinct times
3. Name one event which relies upon MI to guard the Royals and members of the Cabinet.
Royal balls, the State Opening of Parliament, etc.
4. What are two actions an MI member can perform on an LR?
Hire, Promote, Demote, Strike, Fire

Correct their answers

Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
