ECAT {Q} Qualified Sentry Operator
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT ECAT {Q} - Qualified Sentry Operator.
Today we’ll be discussing how to be a qualified sentry operator.
A sentry operator is in charge of letting employees and guests into The Government of the UK HQ.
There will be a short quiz at the end to test what you have learnt from this ECAT.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

First, we will discuss the rules whilst operating the sentry station.
1. Never go AFK (Away From Keyboard) when on duty, please use the AFK area in HQ.
2. Remember to always check the badge owners as there are fake badges.
3. Never abuse the sentry station by intentionally using the levers incorrectly.
4. Never let unauthorised people gain access into HQ.
Any Questions?
Answer any questions.


When operating the sentry, you will deal with the following people:

1. New Employees
Employees being inducted must have their motto as [UK] MI5 Trainee.
They must be in uniform and not be wearing any inappropriate accessories.
When ready, you must send them to the Tech Room and open the door for the trainer.

2. Low Ranks
Low ranks are ranked from Constable to Commander.
Low ranks must wear the correct uniform,
including a non-HC coloured beret, and motto to gain access into HQ.
The beret colours are as follows:
Constable - Red
Sergeant - Green
Chief Inspector - Blue
Superintendent - Grey
Commander - None
Low ranks should also have the [UK] - MI Access ID badge favourited.
Newer versions of the Habbo client do not allow badges to be favourited.
To work around this we must open their profile and verify they are a member of those badges.

3. Veterans/VIPs/Visitors
These people are past or allied members, or visitors to the UK.
Veterans and VIPs are required to have one of the following:
[UK] - Visitor ID; [UK] - Diplomatic Access ID; or [UK] - Very Important Person.
Any questions?
Answer any questions.

Now we will move onto how to operate the sentry station.
Pay close attention to what each aspect does.
As I say what everything does, I will be using the corresponding part of the station.
Move to the rope that opens the door to the Sentry Room.
To access the Sentry room, you need to stand next to the rope and type :sentry for the rope to open.
Move to either chair in the Sentry Room.

In order to operate the Sentry Station, you will need to use a mix of commands and levers.
To open the first set of gates, type :gate1.
To open the second set of gates and let them into HQ, type :gate2.

To send those standing between the two sets of gates to the Tech Room, flick the bottom/blue lever.
Flick the bottom lever
In order to kick those standing between them to the lobby, flick the top/red lever.
Ensure you tell them why you’re sending them to the lobby.
Flick the top lever

To exit the sentry station, use :sentry when standing next to the rope.
Do you have any questions before we begin the quiz?
Answer any questions.

Let's get started! I am going to quiz you.
You need 6/8 to pass. If you don’t know the answer, say ’pass’.

1. Why is it important to check badges before letting people in?
People can create fake badges; it has to be owned by Terrorization or HM-Government; trolls
2. Name one rule you must follow whilst in the Sentry Room.
Refer to the rules section above
3. How do you open the rope gate to get into the sentry station?
Type :sentry when standing next to the rope
4. How do you open the first gate to let employees and guests in?
Type :gate1
5. How do you send people to the Tech Room?
Flick the bottom/blue lever
6. How do you kick people to the lobby?
Flick the top/red lever
7. Name one of the types of people who come through Sentry.
Trainees, LRs, VIPs/Visitors/Veterans
8. Name one of the three requirements to send a Trainee through for training.
Correct badge, motto, & uniform

Correct their answers

Let me, or a member of MI know if you wish to take any further ECATs.
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer any questions

If candidate has now achieved enough ECATs to be promoted, feel free to do so

