ECAT {L} - Introduction to the Legislature
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]


Welcome to ECAT {L} - Introduction to the Legislature.
Today we’ll be looking at the Legislative Branch of the UK as well as how bills are made law.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


The Legislative Branch is one of the four main branches of the UK,
and is otherwise collectively known as ’The Houses of Parliament’.
The branch is split into The House of Commons & The House of Lords.
These houses are responsible for drafting bills, which may then,
after a lengthy process (consisting of debate and discussion) be passed into law.


The House of Commons membership consists solely of MPs.
MR MPs are either 8iC or 9iC and have no further responsibilities.
HR MPs are also either Secretaries or Ministers, or aid in the running of the House.
Government Ministers are chosen by the PM,
whilst Opposition Ministers are chosen by the Opposition Leader [5iC].
The Official Opposition is a group of members who aim to challenge the Government.
Their Secretaries and Ministers ’shadow’ the Government Ministers, and critique their policy.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


Leadership consists of the Commons Administration and the Opposition.
The Administration takes an impartial role and doesn’t vote on motions.
The Commons Administration is as follows:
- The Speaker of the House (SotH) [4iC]: EriksS.
- The Deputy Speaker of the House [5iC].
- The Clerk of the House [6iC] (assists in bill-drafting & record-keeping).
The Official Opposition is as follows:
- The Leader of the Opposition [5iC]: zanetheraptor.
- The Deputy Leader of the Opposition [6iC]: Lafi.
- Opposition MP Shadow Secretaries and Ministers [7iC].


The rest of the Commons is made up of 8-9iC MPs,
each belonging to the Government, Opposition, or remaining independent.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions


Next, the structure of the upper-house, The House of Lords.
The Lords is made up of its leadership, Lords Temporal, and Lords Spiritual.
Its leadership consists of:
- The Lord Speaker [4iC] (presides over the House): Apped.
- The Deputy Lord Speaker [5iC]: Habtaz.
- The Clerk of the House of Lords [6iC]: supaman981.


The rest of the House of Lords consists of:
- Lords Temporal [non-iC].
- Lords Spiritual (ex officio their position as Supreme Court Justices).


It is important to note that not all members of the House of Lords are employees.
Only those with a designated iC ranking are employees of the UK,
but all lords are otherwise given the same powers.
People can become lords by either being appointed after their tenure as an employee,
or by purchasing a peerage from HM Treasury for 150c.
Due to this, the Commons has primacy over the Lords, in that the Commons has more power.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


Next, how a bill becomes law.
The legislative process is divvied up into a series of phases.
The ’Reading’ phases are all followed by a vote as to whether the bill should continue progressing.
If a bill fails the same reading twice, it is dropped, and relegated to the ’Legislative Graveyard’.
First a bill is drafted by either a Lord, or an MP.
After it is submitted, it is announced by the Speaker during its ’First Reading’.
Next, during its ’Second Reading’, the general principles of the bill are debated and discussed.
After, it goes to the ’Committee stage’, where the bill is closely inspected,
and debated line-by-line, and amendments are voted on.
Bills can stay in committee for a maximum of 3 days.
After the committee stage, there is the report stage, where the bill goes back to the House,
and it can vote on any further amendments to the bill.
During this stage, members may motion to table the amendment.
If the motion succeeds, the bill will be relegated to the ’Legislative Graveyard’.
After the third reading, if the bill was started in the Lords, it will proceed to the Commons,
to undergo the same process.
If in the Commons, it goes to a final vote where it will either pass to Royal Assent or be dropped.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


Royal Assent is where the monarch, HM, The King Terrorization, signs the bill into law.
Royal Assent, however, is effectively a formality,
except in the case whereby the monarch would be affected by the bill.
If the monarch refuses to sign, the bill is sent back to the Committee Stage.


During House Sessions, MPs can:
- Participate in Prime Minister’s Questions (PMQs)
- Participate in Ministerial Questions (MQs)
- Debate bills and general topics
- Put forward motions to vote or consider a topic
They can also attend committee meetings


PMQs & MQs are chances for MPs to ask the PM and other ministers questions surrounding policy.
Sunday’s sitting’s main business alternates between PMQs and MQs every week.
The two main Commons sittings are Thursdays at 20:00 UTC and Sunday at 20:00 UTC.
MPs are welcome to join committees of their choosing.
This gives them the chance to closely discuss bills during the committee stage.
However, most bills are sent to the Whole-House Committee, due to low numbers.


Next, I’ll give you a short quiz to assess what you’ve learnt.
You need 3/4 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, say ’pass’.


If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.


Do you have any questions before we start?
Ensure not to send the answer along with the question


1. What rank(s) preside over the House of Commons?
The Speaker of the House (SotH) / Their Deputy
2. Give one example of a parliamentary activity.
E.g. Debates, Votes, Committee Meetings, PMQs/MQs, Presenting motions
3. Which party’s job is it to directly question and go against the Government?
The Opposition
4. Name one way to become a lord.
Peerage for long tenure/Veteran; Purchase peerage


Correct their answers


Please consider joining the Commons if you think it is the branch for you!
Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
