ECAT {AT} - Advanced Training
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Welcome to ECAT {AT} - Advanced Training.
Today we'll be looking at disciplinary actions, elections, uniform and peerages.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don't speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing 'o/'.
I'd advise you to make note of this information as it'll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

In the UK there are three classes of crimes.
These are 'Indictable', 'Either-way' and 'Summary' offences, ordered by seriosity (most to least).
Crimes may have defined classes enshrined in law, or they may be decided on in court.
Punishments range from strikes, to dismissal, to being added to the BoS list.
Folk on the Ban-on-Sight (BoS) list are prohibited from entering the UK's,
and its allies, rooms or events.
All such punishment lists are available on the site, via the 'Learn' tab.
These lists should always be consulted before hiring someone as they may be barred.

Employees may be struck by their higher-ups (of at least 7iC); all MI employees may strike LRs.
To show that one has been struck, 'x' followed by the number of strikes must be appended to the offender's motto.
Strikes typically last two weeks.
Those who receive three strikes may be fired on-the-spot; those who received four strikes must be fired.
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions

In order to recruit more people, all employees are encouraged to go out 'Patrolling'.
This is where one will go from room to room in the Hotel, speaking to people
and encouraging them to join HabboUK.
Whilst doing this, you must never promise a reward,
but are encouraged to speak on your personal experience working here.
You must also never recruit from other agencies (poaching) as it is illegal.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Those with past agency or military experience are allowed to 'transfer' in.
Transfers are primarily handled by the Home Office (HO),
and the form which transferees should be directed to is on the HabboUK»com site.
It can be accessed by navigating to 'Governance' -> 'Home Office';
at the bottom of the page is a link to the transfer form.

Upon a transfer form being filled out, the HO should be made aware.
This is typically done on the Discord server in #create-a-request.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

In HabboUK, Prime Minister's terms are called 'Parliaments'.
This is because Parliament is dissolved (closed) whilst a new PM is being elected.
General Elections take place every four months (next one being in November).
The winner of the election becomes Prime Minister, the runner-up, the Leader of the Opposition.
To stand for election, one must have the support of 6 iCs,
as well as having been an iC themselves for 30 days.
In order to vote in a GE, one must have been an iC for at least 15 days.
Any questions about that?
Answer any questions

As you know, all LRs must wear a set uniform, with coloured beret according to their rank.
iC employees are not bound by a uniform, but are expected to wear professional clothing.
The Cabinet Office has final say on what is professional.
Uniform requirements may be waived by the CO, the Director General or the Royal Family.
During the weekend (Saturday & Sunday) uniform requirements are waived.

The UK has a peerage system used to reward employees and externals.
Only the Sovereign has the power to grant peerages,
however the PM & branch leaders will often give recommendations.
All of those with a peerage (barring MPs),
have the right to sit as Lords Temporal in the House of Lords.

In addition to this, there are five orders of nobility, too used to reward.
These are: the Orders of the Garter, the Bath, the Royal Victorian Order,
the Order of the British Empire and the Order of the Companions of Honour.
These all have several tiers, one's tier of an order may be upgraded,
rather than them being given a rank in a new order.

Typically, Knighting Ceremonies are held by the Sovereign in order to award these.
Some honours and peerages give the bearer the right to bear a medal or cape,
these can be seen on the website under 'Learn' > 'Medals and Peerages'.

Next, I'll give you a short quiz to assess what you've learnt.
You need 5/7 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say 'pass'.

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

1. Name two of the three classes of crime.
Indictable, summary or either-way
2. What is the maximum length of a Parliament?
Four months
3. Name one of the Orders of Nobility.
Orders of the Garter, the Bath, the Royal Victorian Order, the Order of the British Empire and the Order of the Companions of Honour
4. Who should be notified when a transfer form is filled in?
The Home Office/Secretary
5. On what days are uniform requirements waived?
Saturdays and Sundays (Weekends)
6. Where can the UK's punishment lists be found?
HabboUK Website -> Learn -> All Punishment Lists (Need not be exact)
7. How long do strikes typically last?
Two weeks

Correct their answers

Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
