ECAT {BT} - Basic Training
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Welcome to ECAT {BT} - Basic Training.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Throughout your time within the UK, to progress, you will be required to pass a series of ECATs.
This stands for Education, Certification and Training,
these sessions will give you the info you need to be an effective employee.
Again, this is the Basic Training ECAT,
thusly it will inform you of the basic rules of our establishment,
as well as its structure and the duties you may need to perform.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

The following is basic information that all employees are expected to know:
HM, King Terrorization, is the reigning monarch and Head-of-State.
HM, Queen Rosanthe, is the Queen Consort, and the Prince of Wales is HRH, amazingconnor.
The Royal Family act as HabboUK’s founders & RC, though they play a mostly ceremonial role.

In the UK, there are Low-Rank & in-Command employees.
LRs do not have any responsibilities but are expected to work at HQ stations whenever possible.
iCs are required to log in, at minimum, every 7 days.
All iCs are members of a branch, each branch will give their members tasks to complete.
The branches are as follows:
- The Executive: Headed by the Prime Minister, it deals with all Government Policy.
- The Legislature: The Houses of Commons & Lords, members write and debate on law.
- The Judiciary: The UK Courts, handles all interpretive and criminal hearings.
- Military Intelligence (MI): Foreign & Engagement work, and training materials creation.
All four of the branches are explained in their own ECATs.

The lowest iC rank is nine, and the highest is one.
This forms a chain of command.

The Prime Minister [1iC] is the head of the UK Government,
and is directly elected by iC employees every four months.
The current Prime Minister (PM) is Apped, the Deputy PM [2iC] is Jush.

Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

Now for the basic rules of the UK. All employees are subject to these.
Failure to do so may result in disciplinary action, which is further outlined in ECAT {D},
but the basics are that it is a ’4 strikes and out’ system.
These rules are as follows:
1. Respect all employees/visitors and follow the Habbo Way.
2. Do not swear excessively, spam, use red or neon coloured chat, effects or dance.
3. Wear the correct uniform, badge, and motto for your rank.
4. Do not double-job and ask for rights or promotions, or promote oneself.
5. Do not enter any teles or the VIP room without authorisation.
6. Refrain from idling/going AFK while at the front desk or any other station.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Now for some of the basic commands used in HQ. They are as follows:
FTF - Fill the Front (Sit at the front desk and recruit/help others)
BTB - Back to Base (Return to HQ)
FTS/GC - Fill Sentry/Fill Gate Control (Fill the security area to allow others entry)
AE - At Ease (Return to your original position)
CTH - Clear the Halls (Sit in a room or FTF/FTS)

When called to attention, one must:
1. Stand and face the person calling attention.
2. Wave using ‘o/’.
3. Say ’Yes Sir’ or ’Yes Ma’am’, or otherwise appropriately address them by their rank.
4. When told to AE, return to your original position.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

When filling the front, if you see a potential recruit, greet them.
Address them by their name and ask if they’d like a job.
If they would, inform them that they should change their motto to: [UK] MI Trainee,
as well as wearing one of the uniforms on the mannequins.
The uniform will be automatically equipped when being sent to the training rooms.
However, this is a temporary change;
when they next change their appearance the uniform will be taken off.
This is why it is recommended they wear the uniform from the mannequin.
All employees should also be encouraged to join the Employee ID badge found on the group pennant.
However, if you suspect someone of trolling, you may decline to hire them.

Next, I’ll give you a short quiz to assess what you’ve learnt.
You need 5/7 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions


1. Who is the current Prime Minister?
Apped
2. Who is the current King?
Terrorization
3. Name two commands and what they mean.
See above list
4. List two UK branches.
Executive, Legislature, Judiciary, Military Intelligence (MI)
5. List two rules you must follow whilst a member of the UK.
See above list
6. How many strikes does it take to be fired/dismissed?
Four Strikes
7. Demonstrate attention.
Any wrong move negates the mark

Correct their answers

Move over to the Group Pennant furni
Please request the badge [UK] - MI Access ID from the Group Pennant or my profile.
Let me know when you’ve requested it.
Wait for the trainees to request the badge & ping MI Leadership in #department-requests or DM a badge admin on Habbo to accept
Do not wait on it being accepted to proceed
Please change your motto to: [UK] MI Constable [<PROMO>]
Wear a non-HC dark-red beret & wait for the trainee to change their motto
Now wear a non-HC dark-red beret, it’s the hat I’m wearing.

If the trainee’s badge has not yet been accepted, say the following:
Until your badge is accepted, please add [AB] to the end of your motto.

If the badge has been accepted, say the following:
If you are able to, please favourite the [UK] - MI Access ID badge.
Do note that this is only possible when using the classic (Flash) client.

All ECAT requirements can be found at HabboUK»com -> ’Learn’ -> ’ECAT Requirements’.
This will show what ECATs you need to get promoted.
The next ECAT on the agenda would be {HT} - HQ Tour, would you like to take it now?
If the trainee wishes to take the tour, escort them to HQ

Otherwise:
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
