ECAT {U} – Uniform and Bearings
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]
Welcome to today's ECAT session, ECAT {U} - Uniform and Bearings.
Today we'll be looking at navigating the standards for uniforms, medals and titles within the UK.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

All employees of our organisation are required to wear professional clothing.
The Cabinet Office is solely in charge of what constitutes professional.
Low Ranks are required to wear one of the uniforms from the mannequins in the HQ Lobby.
A member of the CO may discipline the offender not wearing uniform by means of a strike.
The Cabinet Office may set out specific time periods
where uniform standards are temporarily relaxed or dropped.
The Director General may do the same, but solely for LRs.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

The UK also has a Peerage System.
Officially, only the Sovereign (HM, the King) has the power to grant peerages, however,
in reality, the Prime Minister may appoint people,
by means of recommending them to the monarch at the end of a Parliament.
In this system, there are 5 peerages, each with their own requirements and privileges.
The peerages, in order of honour and nobility (with their eligibility requirements) are as follows:
1. Duke/Duchess (former 3iC+)
2. Marquess/Marchioness (former 4iC+)
3. Earl/Countess (former 5iC+)
4. Viscount/Viscountess (former Cabinet Minister or SC Justice)
5. Baron/Baroness (UK Veteran)
Any questions?
Answer any questions

In the UK, there are five orders of decoration and nobility.
They are used to recognise UK members for their services to the Sovereign and the organisation.
There are 4 orders of chivalry and 1 order of merit.
The five orders, in order of nobility, are as follows:
1. Most Noble Order of the Garter
2. Most Honourable Order of the Bath
3. Royal Victorian Order
4. Most Excellent Order of the British Empire
5. Order of the Companions of Honour

Knighting ceremonies are held by the Sovereign in order to give these honours.
Once knighted, one is able to wear the corresponding medal.
These can be viewed at HabboUK»com under the Learn tab, by clicking Medals and Peerages.
Additionally, anyone appointed to Order of the Garter may wear the Adorned Fantasy Cape,
alongside an appropriate medal.

Next, I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learned from this session.
If you are unsure of the answer, say "pass”. You need 2/3 to pass.

Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.

Are we ready to start?

1. Where can one find the Low Rank uniform?
A mannequin near the HQ main entrance
2. Who has the power to relax and change uniform regulations?
The Cabinet (Accept Dir. Gen. IF they specify that they have control over the LR uniform; state main answer at the end)
3. What is the highest order?
The Most Noble Order of the Garter

Congratulations, you've now obtained ECAT {U} - Uniform and Bearings.
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer any questions
