ECAT {M} Motivation and Stress Management
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]


Welcome to today's ECAT session.
Today we'll be looking at how to deal with motivating yourself,
and dealing with stress during your tenure in the UK Government.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


First, we'll talk about stress.
Stress is our body's natural reaction to being put under pressure.
This can often be helpful, for example getting a boost to finish something before a deadline.
However, too much stress can affect your mood, and your body.
Mood and emotional changes can include:
1. A loss in self-confidence;
2. Becoming more sensitive & taking things personally;
3. Becoming more aggressive;
or 4. A loss of motivation.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions


In order to deal with stress, you first need to figure out what your stress triggers are.
Some things which may stress within your role in the UK are:
- Your responsibilities (i.e. too many);
- Little control over your workload
- Being harassed by others
And if you are being harassed by any member of the organisation,
IMMEDIATELY speak to a higher-up member, such as your branch leadership,
or a member of the Executive.


Now for some of the ways to eliminate any stress.
In the moment, in order to de-stress & relax, breathing techniques have proven very useful.
Taking several, long and slow breaths can lower your heart rate to a normal level and bring calm.


As a member of a UK branch, you'll have a branch leadership which decides on your duties and such.
If you're struggling to meet your obligations
then please speak to your leadership, they're there to help you.
You might then be able to scale-back your duties to a manageable level, or switch roles.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions


As Habbo is not as busy as it used to be, there are often very few people online.
Due to this, we can lose our motivation; stop wanting to continue being a part of the UK Gov.
However, if you engage with others within the UK,
and other organisations, they will engage with you.
So in order for everyone to stay motivated, everyone should keep logging in.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


The UK can offer you support if you are ever concerned about your mental health,
but ensure you speak to a medical professional and seek help if you need it.
Within Habbo UK, you can speak to:
- Your branch leadership
- Any high-ranking member (7iC+)
- Or a member of the Executive Branch (His Majesty's Cabinet)
Any more questions?
Answer any and all questions to the best of your ability

I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learned from this session.
If you are unsure of the answer, say "pass”.


Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.


Are we ready to start?
Ensure not to send the answer along with the question


1. What's one example of an emotional change when someone is stressed?
Any of the following: Loss in self-confidence; Increased sensitivity; Taking things personally; Becoming aggressive; A loss in motivation
2. Who’s one person you could speak to within the UK if you have issues with stress / mental health?
Any of the following: Branch leadership; 7iC+; A member of HM's Cabinet (Exec.)
3. Who is it you should speak about your work-load within the UK?
Branch leadership
4. What's one method of de-stressing in the moment?
Deep-breathing

Correct their answers.
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer their questions

