ECAT {E} - Introduction to the Executive Branch
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Welcome to ECAT {E} - Introduction to the Executive Branch.
Today we’ll be looking at the Executive, its makeup and function.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


The Executive branch is one of the four main branches of the UK and is run by the Cabinet Office.
It is made up of various ministries, departments, and offices, all with their own responsibilities.
To join the branch, one must be appointed to a position in the Executive.
This is done either by winning a General Election (and becoming PM) or by being appointed.
If a post opens up, one may send a letter of expression of interest (EOI) to the relevant department.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

The Cabinet Office is led by the Prime Minister [1iC]: Apped and their deputy [2iC]: Jush.
The CO is also made up of the First Secretary [3iC]: Fiona_,
the Cabinet Secretary [4iC]: hears6, and the Cabinet Minister [5iC].
As well as the so-called Leader of the House of Commons [5iC]: EpicMorilecime,
whose role is focused on liaising between the two branches and improving activity.
The department’s main function is to manage the rest of the Government.
This is along with advising branch leaders and performing MP duties.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

His Majesty’s Treasury (HMT) is led by the Chancellor of the Exchequer [5iC]: dz?.
as well as their deputy (the Exchequer Secretary [6iC]): Amica.
Its purpose is managing UK finances and paid perks, as well as regulating the VIP badge.

The Ministry of Justice’s job is to schedule and keep record of all hearings within the UK,
as well as keeping an up to date archive of all disciplinary actions.
Hearings may be held for breach of law,
or to interpret a piece of legislation where definitions are muddy or unclear.
It is led by the Justice Secretary [5iC]: dreckly,
as well as their deputy, the Attorney General [6iC].

The rest of the departments are led by a Secretary of State [5iC], whose deputy is a 6iC Minister.

The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (Foreign Office/FCDO) is responsible for:
creating and keeping good relations with other agencies, as well as forming alliances.
The Foreign Office also oversees the MI6 division of the MI branch,
and manages the Diplomatic Service Officer (DSO) team.
FSOs are volunteers who visit other agencies and report back to the Foreign Office.
8iC+ MI6 agents are de facto Security Officers (SOs); their role is similar to that of DSO.
The current Foreign Sec. is: Seas.; the Foreign Minister is playergurl.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

The Home Office is responsible for the management of personnel and transfer requests.
This is as well as overseeing the MI5 division of the MI branch.
The current Secretary is: KyleGunzkofer8.

The Ministry of Defence is responsible for ensuring the safety of the UK.
They deal with all security threats, and control the Ban on Sight (BOS) list published onsite.
They work closely with MI to ensure that the employees have a safe working environment.
The current Defence Sec. is: xCommissioned, the Minister is: agumobrown.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Next, we have the Department of Digital, Culture, Media and Events.
The DCME is responsible for the management of HQ games and events,
It also coordinates with the Foreign Office to hold inter-agency events.
iC members are able to join the DCME as volunteer Culture Coordinators;
Culture Coordinators are responsible for hosting events in HQ.
8iC+ MI5 agents are ex officio Culture Coordinators.
To join, please reach out to the Culture Secretary or Minister,
currently Haree and PowerJaden04 respectively.

The Department for Technology is responsible for the maintenance and improvement of
the organisation’s Discord server and website.
It also ensures all UK materials published onsite are up to date and adhere to policy.
The department also liaises with the DCME on any publications surrounding upcoming events.
The current Technology Secretary is zanetheraptor.

Next, I’ll give you a short quiz to assess what you’ve learnt.
You need 3/5 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions



1. Which department heads the Executive?
The Cabinet Office
2. What is the role of the Foreign Office?
To form and keep relationships with allies
3. What is the role of the Home Office?
To manage all personnel and transfer applications
4. Which department is responsible for events?
Department of Digital, Culture, Media and Events (DCME)
5. Which department is responsible for managing the site and Discord?
The Department for Technology
6. Which department is responsible for the UK’s finances?
HMT

Correct their answers

Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
