ECAT {MI} - Introduction to Military Intelligence
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT, {MI}
Today we’ll be looking at the Military Intelligence Branch.
Please stay seated and don’t speak unless asked.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Military Intelligence is one of the four main branches within the UK and is split into two divisions.
These are Military Intelligence, Section 5 (MI5); and The Secret Intelligence Service (MI6).
MI5 is responsible for recruiting and inducting new people to the UK,
educating current members, and keeping HQ active.
MI6 is responsible for the security of the organisation,
as well as keeping good relations with other organisations and allies.
All who join the MI branch as a 9iC, are MI5 Agents.
As a 9iC Agent, you are expected to educate members through ECATs such as these.
This includes holding Basic Training {BT} ECATs for new recruits.
You are expected to hold 4 of any of the above per week.

The MI branch is headed by the Director General [5iC]: NoahC500
MI5 is headed by its Section Chief [6iC]: GetWild, and is overseen by the Home Office.
MI6 is headed by the SIS Chief [6iC] and is overseen by the Foreign Office.
This makes up Senior Leadership. The rest of Leadership is made up of three 7iC personnel.
These are the Training Strategist, Personnel Director (both MI5) and the Intelligence Operative (MI6).
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions

Being an Agent can be quite an independent job,
So it’s important that you show patience when working with LRs, as well as showing decorum.
You should also be a kind and dedicated member of MI who is willing to do their part,
as a part of a wider team.
One of the main goals of MI5 is to keep good ’Netgain’.
Which, to put simply, is the number of people who have joined, minus those who have left,
in a given period of time (typically one week).
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

As an MI agent, you will also have the opportunity to guard the Royal Family, and the Cabinet Office
at special events, such as balls, or the State Opening of Parliament.
This is further detailed in ECAT {RaSP}.

Members of the MI branch are able to promote, strike, and dismiss LRs.
This gives the opportunity to reward Low Ranks for their hard work.
However, this is only after they have successfully passed the Agency Academy Programme (AAP).
After ranking up to 8iC, you may pick from MI5 or MI6.

Next I’ll give you a short quiz on what you’ve learned.
Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

You need 3/4 to pass this ECAT. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.
Are you ready to start?

If there are multiple LRs present, say the following:
Please whisper your answers to me and don’t confer.

Ensure not to copy the answer along with the question
1. Who is the current Director General?
NoahC500
2. What is Netgain?
Number of people who have joined the UK minus the number of people who have left
3. Name one event that relies upon MI5 members to guard the Royals and members of the Cabinet.
Royal balls, the State Opening of Parliament, etc.
4. What are two actions an MI member can perform on an LR?
Hire, Promote, Demote, Strike, Fire

Correct their answers.
Please consider joining MI if you think this is the branch for you!
Any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
