ECAT {V} - Voting Rights and Electoral Knowledge
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Welcome to today's ECAT session, ECAT {V} - Voting Rights & Electoral Knowledge.
Today we'll cover your right to vote, and elections for Prime Minister.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

All 9iC+ employees who have been employed for at least 15 days
have the right to vote in General Elections.
General Elections (those for Prime Minister)
ordinarily occur every 4 months, and we are currently in an election period.
Those who wish to stand for election must be 9iC+ and have been employed for at least 30 days.
Candidates also require 6 9iC+ supporters in order to appear on the election ballot.
Do you have any questions?
Answer any questions

If there ends up being more than 2 valid candidates, there will be two voting stages.
First will be a ranked choice vote,
in which all employees may order the candidates in order of preference.
The top two candidates will proceed to a simple vote.
The first stage is skipped if there are only two candidates.
If only one candidate is to appear on the ballot, they will win by default and become PM.
The candidate who receives the most votes
shall be asked by HM, The King to become Prime Minister and to form His Majesty’s Government.
The candidate with the second-most votes shall be asked to become Leader of the Opposition
and to form His Majesty’s Most Loyal Opposition.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

Next I’ll give you a short quiz on what you’ve learned.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.
Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

1. How long do Parliaments (terms) usually last?
Four months
2. What is the role given to the runner-up in the election?
Leader of the Opposition
3. How many days of employment are needed in order to vote in an election?
15 days


Congratulations, you've now completed ECAT {V} - Voting Rights & Electoral Knowledge.
