ECAT {P} - Pay and Duty Quota Points
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT {P} - Pay and Duty Quota Points.
In this session you’ll learn what DQ Points are, how to get them, and finally how to cash them in.
Please stay seated, refrain from going AFK, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you want to ask a question just wave by typing o/
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz at the end.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Duty Points are used to obtain pay from the Executive.
Throughout the UK headquarters are several places you can earn Duty Points:
Filling the Front; Manning the Sentry Control; or Duty Desk Operation.
While filling one of these positions it is important that you announce your shifts,
to be able to claim your points when you end it.
Shifts are in 30 minute increments.
What follows is an example of what to call out for two shifts.
FTF Start @19:00
FTF Cont @19:30
FTF End @20:00

Once you have called out your shift, take a screenshot including Habbo and your PC/phone time.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

After you have finished your shift in one of the aforementioned positions,
you should seek the confirmation of two 7iC employees or one 6iC+.
If unable to obtain confirmation from someone in HQ, screenshots are made useful.
Within the UK Discord server, is a channel named #duty-confirmations.
Here you should post a link to the images online as well as pinging your branch leadership.
ECAT submissions should be posted in #ecat-submissions.

Upon either: getting your shift confirmed in HQ, or posting in Discord,
you must submit them, and the person who has confirmed (or your branch leadership),
to the Duty Quota page of the site.
This is found in the menu under your username once signed in.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Pay has a conversion rate of 2 DQ Points to 1c.
You can withdraw a maximum of 40c per month.
If you wish to withdraw coins, reach out to a member of the Cabinet Office, HM Treasury or a Royal.

The 3 main branches all have their own methods of earning DQ Points.
E.g., MI members gain points from hosting ECATs; MPs gain from attending HoC sessions;
and members of the Judiciary gain DQ from performing in Mock Trials.

Next, I’ll give you a short quiz to assess what you’ve learnt.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

1. What is the maximum amount of credits that one can withdraw per month?
40c
2. List 2 places in HQ where one can earn DQ Points.
Two of: FTF, Sentry, Duty-Desk, Welcome Desk
3. Where should one post their confirmation request if no one is available in HQ?
#duty-confirmations (Discord)

Correct their answers

Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
