ECAT {P} - Pay and Duty Quota Points
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT {P} - Pay and Duty Quota Points.
In this session you’ll learn what DQ Points are, how to get them, and finally how to cash them in.
Please stay seated, refrain from going AFK, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you want to ask a question just wave by typing o/
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz at the end.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Duty Points are used to obtain pay from the Cabinet Office.
Throughout the UK headquarters are several places you can earn Duty Points:
Filling the Front; Manning the Sentry Control; or Duty Desk Operation.
While filling one of these positions it is important that you announce your shifts,
to be able to claim your points when you end it.
Shifts are in 30 minute increments.
What follows is an example of what to call out for two shifts.
FTF Start @19:00
FTF Cont @19:30
FTF End @22:00

Once you have called out your shift, take a screenshot including Habbo and your local time.
If using the ’new’ chat style, it is important that you keep the chat history open.
This is all so we can ensure that you have actually performed your shift as and when you said.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

After you have finished your shift in one of the aforementioned positions,
you should seek the confirmation of two 7iC employees or one 6iC+.
If unable to obtain confirmation from someone in HQ, screenshots are made useful.
Within the UK Discord server, is a channel named #duty-confirmations.
Here you should post a link to the images online as well as pinging your branch leadership.
ECAT submissions should be posted in #ecat-submissions.

Upon either: getting your shift confirmed in HQ, or posting in Discord,
you must submit them, and the person who has confirmed (or your branch leadership),
to the Duty Quota page of the site.
This is found in the menu under your username once signed in.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Pay has a conversion rate of 2 DQ Points to 1c.
You can withdraw a maximum of 40c per month.
As covered in other ECATs you must attain 10 DQ Points per week,
failure to hit this may result in disciplinary action.
When you wish to withdraw coins, reach out to a member of the Cabinet Office or HMT.

The 3 main branches all have their own methods of earning DQ Points.
For example: MI members gain points from giving ECATs;
MPs gain from attending sessions; and Judges gain from performing Mock Trials.

Next, there will be a short quiz to assess how much you have learnt.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you do not know the answer, say ’pass’.

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

Any questions first?
Answer any questions

1. What is the maximum amount of credits that one can withdraw per month?
40c
2. List 2 places in HQ where one can earn DQ Points.
FTF, Sentry, Duty-Desk
3. Where should one post their confirmation request if no one is available in HQ?
#duty-confirmations (Discord)

Correct their answers
