ECAT {J} - Introduction to the Judiciary
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]


Welcome to today's ECAT session.
Today we'll be looking at the Judicial Branch
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


The Judicial Branch is one of the four main branches of the UK Government,
and is made up of three courts
The Lord President [5iC] is the leader of the Judicial Branch. The current LP is Jacobcrs.
They’re responsible for leading the branch, and do this alongside their deputy [6iC]: Reivindicatio.
The LP and DLP are supported by the rest of leadership,
which is made of up to 5 Lord Justices [6iC] & 3 Circuit Judges [7iC].
The rest of the branch is made up of 3 District Judges [8iC] and a number of Solicitors [9iC].
Any questions so far?
Answer any and all questions


The Magistrate’s Court is the lowest court, and the first one in which cases are sent to.
Here, cases are heard by a singular District Judge.
The Magistrate’s Court has limited sentencing power,
and thus has the power to escalate the case to a higher court if deemed fit.


The Crown Court is a higher court than that of the Magistrate’s.
Here cases are heard by Circuit Judges as well as a jury.
The Crown Court hears appeals from the Magistrate’s Court, as well as those referred by it.
The Court has higher sentencing power than the Magistrate’s
and hears the most serious of criminal cases (bar those with potential constitutional importance).
Any questions so far?
Answer any and all questions


The Supreme Court hears matters of ’Constitutional Importance’
and as such has great influence on the future of the UK’s policy and legislation.
The Supreme Court has the power to overturn secondary and lesser legislation.
Here, cases are heard on by an odd number of at least 3 Lord Justices,
which are ex officio Lords Spiritual, and can thus sit in the House of Lords.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


Do not include until after the introduction of the bar
Those who wish to climb the ranks of the branch must complete the bar exam,
allowing them to be promoted to High Court Judge [8iC].
This exam is graded and set by the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) and the Lord President.
Any questions so far?
Answer any and all questions


Typical tasks for those in the Judicial Branch include Mock Trials (MTs).
This is where members of the branch act out a trial as if it were real,
while using fabricated evidence to make it more realistic.
7iC+ from Judicial are also able to train LRs via ECATs when a member of MI is unavailable.


Whilst not a part of the Judicial Branch, the MoJ’s role is tightly linked to the courts system.
The MoJ ensures that only those capable can practise law.
It also acts as the prosecution service, and is further explained in ECAT {E}.


I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learned from this session.
If you are unsure of the answer, say "pass”, the pass rate is 3/5.


Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any and all questions


Ensure not to send the answer along with the question
1. List two of the courts which make up the Judicial Branch?
The Supreme Court, Magistrate’s Court, Crown Court
2. What body is in charge of the Bar exam?
The Ministry of Justice (Maybe accept ’Lord President’)
3. Who is the current Lord President?
Jacobcrs

4. Which is the lowest court?
Magistrate’s Court

5. What cases do the Crown Court hear the most of?
The most serious of criminal cases


Correct their answers
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer their questions
