ECAT {F} - Foreign Grounds and Diplomacy Skills
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]
Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT.
Today we’ll be looking at Foreign Grounds and Diplomacy Skills.
Please stay seated and don’t speak unless asked.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

When interacting with members of other organisations, and the general Habbo population,
all UK staff are expected to uphold professionalism and decorum.
You represent our agency and your actions should reflect that.
Are there any questions?
Answer questions

When visiting other organisations, ensure that you keep to their and our rules.
Also ensure that you wear the appropriate badge (e.g. VIP/Diplomatic ID).
This includes rooms other than their HQ, such as events’ rooms.
If you break any rules, you may be subject to disciplinary action, further outlined in {D}.
If you find anyone breaking any rules in or of another agency,
please report them to either their leadership, or to the Foreign Office.
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions

The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO),
is responsible for creating and maintaining treaties, alliances and partnerships.
This is as well as community engagement (i.e. inter-agency events); crisis management;
handling complaints from and about other agencies, and managing the National Punishment (NP) list.
People on the NP list (and their alts) are banned from being employed in the UK and its allies.
The leader of the Foreign Office is the Foreign Secretary [5iC]: dz?.
Their deputy is the Foreign Minister [6iC].
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions


Diplomatic Service Officers are iC members who volunteer in the Foreign Office.
Their main role is to aid in maintaining relations with our allies and partners.
Weekly, DSOs are expected to visit an agency, participate in events, and compile a report on it.
If you wish to become a DSO, please speak with a member of the Foreign Office.

I will now give you a short quiz to evaluate how much you’ve learnt during this lesson.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you don’t know the answer, just say “pass”.
Any questions before we start?

Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.


Ensure not to send the answer along with the question


1. Who is the current Foreign Secretary?
dz?
2. What might a Foreign Service Officer do?
Any from: Visit other agency, complete events, compile report
3. Name one responsibility of the Foreign Office.
Crisis management, managing DSOs, community engagement, advising PM, etc.


Correct their answers
