ECAT {R} - Recruitment Procedure
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]
Hello and welcome to today’s ECAT {R} - Recruitment Procedure Session!
Please stay seated, refrain from going AFK, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you want to ask a question just wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz at the end.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Recruitment is essential to any agency, including the UK.
When recruiting, it is important to use bold lettering.
This is accomplished by holding shift when pressing enter on PC.
Unfortunately it is not possible on the mobile app.
While recruiting at the front desk, there are three basic steps:
1. Ask the civilian if they would like a job, or if they need any help.
2. Direct them through the process of getting the appropriate badge, motto, and uniform.
The appropriate badge for Trainees is [UK] - Employee ID. The motto is [UK] MI Trainee.
3. Correct them on any mistakes, then send them to the gates for training.
It is also advised that you personally address potential recruits, e.g. greet them by their name.
It is preferred that all employees have their badge favourited,
however, it is not possible to favourite badges on the modern/Unity/web client.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

Another part of the recruitment process, though, is identifying trolls.
These are people who do not actually wish to take part in the community or make a nuisance.
Signs of potential troll recruits include:
1. Having an account creation date of less than three days.
2. Having an achievement score of less than 500.
However these are not surefire, as they may just be new players.
3. Having an offensive or inappropriate username.
People with inappropriate names should be asked to modify them.
Ask an HR if you are unsure of a username’s appropriateness.

You should also look out for clone accounts, as these can be used to bypass double-jobbing rules.
The punishment lists should be consulted before recruiting.
These can be found on the HabboUK»com website, under the Learn tab.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

Another form of recruiting (outwith FTF) is ’Patrolling’.
This is where one will visit other rooms in order to speak to others and recruit them to the UK.
However, it is important that you do not try to recruit from other agencies’ rooms.
This is known as poaching - which is illegal - and you will be reprimanded for it.

When out recruiting, you should explain, to the best of your abilities, what the UK is.
You could mention your personal experience, the pay system, or roleplay.
However, you must never promise high ranks or pay, this will result in disciplinary action.

Next I’ll give you a short quiz on what you’ve learned.
You need 3/5 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.

Say if there are multiple LRs present
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

Do you have any questions before we start?
Answer any questions


1. List two things a trainee needs to do/have before training.
Correct badge, uniform, motto; not being on any punishment lists
2. Name one sign of a potential troll.
Creation date < 3 days, account score < 500, offensive IGN, any other valid response
3. On PC, what lettering should one use to speak to potential recruits?
Bold
4. List two examples of something to mention to potential recruits.
Roleplay, personal experience, courts system, legislature, any other valid response
5. What is it called when you try to recruit from another agency illegally?
Poaching

Correct their answers

Let me, or a member of MI know if you wish to take any further ECATs.
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer any questions

If candidate has now achieved enough ECATs to be promoted, feel free to do so
