ECAT {HT} - Headquarters Tour
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Start in the lobby
Whispering should be used so as not to disturb HQ operations

If taken straight after {BT}, skip intro
Welcome to ECAT {HT} - Headquarters Tour.
Today we'll show you around HQ and teach about its different stations.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

This area is the lobby and thus is where everyone typically spawns into the room.
The red telephone box leads to the exteriors of Downing St., Buckingham Palace,
and the Palace of Westminster.
The post-it notes on the wall display current rank-holders,
as well as handy info, such as the transfer form location and LR beret colours.
On the left-hand side of the bench are the non-HC uniforms, with the HC ones to the right.
Events often take place at the bottom of the lobby.
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions

Head through one-way gate
This one-way gate is an easy way for employees and Lords Temporal to enter HQ.
Upon stepping up to it, it will flip around to let you in.
If unable to use the one-way gate, you may still use the sentry (as you did when joining),
or you can use the Employee Entrance room I’ll show you later.

Here is the Front Desk, where you can FTF.
It is recommended that at least two people FTF at any given time before any other station.
If you are FTFing, make sure you get any recruits to set their motto to [UK] MI Trainee,
as well as wearing the uniform before sending them through to training.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Move to Duty Desk
Here is the Duty Desk, the person sitting here is known as the Duty Desk Operator (DDO).
The DDO is in charge of ensuring that people are where they should be,
and alerting people who are needed online via Discord (e.g. a trainer or the Home Office).
The DDO is also the one to call a whole-HQ attention if necessary.
Whole-HQ attention may only be authorised by a 4iC+ HR or Royal.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Move to the Sitting/Events room
This is the sitting room, it can be transformed into an events room via a code at the DD..
Culture Coordinators and members of MI will often hold events when HQ is busy.
When not being used for events, feel free to come in here if you need to AFK.

Move to the VIP room
This is the VIP room, and thusly is only available to 7iC+ and Lords/VIPs.

Move to the Tech room
This is the Tech room and serves as a waiting area for new trainees when waiting for a trainer.

Move to the lifts
These lifts lead to different sections of HabboUK.
Each branch has its own set of rooms and offices.
From left to right, they are:
The Executive, the Legislature, the Judiciary, and Military Intelligence.
Only those with badges can access the rooms when the lights are off.
The lights can be enabled with badge holders by using a ’:’ and then  the branch name.

Since this was just a tour, there is no quiz, but there will be at the end of all other ECATs.
Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
