ECAT {T} - Transfer Procedure
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

 Welcome to today's ECAT session, ECAT {T} - Transfer Procedure.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

The Home Office is responsible for processing all transfers into the UK.
It is led by the Secretary of State for the Home Department (Home Secretary) [5iC]
The current acting Home Secretary is Solicitate.
Their deputy is the Secretary of State for Work & Pensions: KyleGunzkofer8 [6iC]
Any questions?
Answer any questions.

If a person requests a transfer from another agency or organisation,
They are to be directed to the HabboUK»com website.
From there they should click: ’Governance’ -> ’Home Office’.
The transfer request form can then be located near the bottom of the page.
Note, the ’Transfer’ button on the home page is outdated and is to be replaced.
Please advise against using this button.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Upon the transferee confirming that they have filled in the form, a member of the Home Office,
or a staff member with access to the Discord server is to be informed.
Please inform the transferee of the following:
1. The transfer could take up to 36 hours.
2. The transfer will involve the Branch Leader of the branch they wish to transfer to.
3. If the branch leader does not make contact within 36 hours, it will proceed without them.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learned from this session.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you are unsure of the answer, say ’pass’.
Any questions before we start it?
Answer any questions

Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.

Ensure not to send the answer along with the question
1. Who is the current acting Home Secretary?
Solicitate
2. Where do we direct transfer too when they show an interest in joining the UK?
Accept anything relating to HabboUK website, reiterate specific path whilst correcting answers
3. How long could the transfer process take?
36 hours

Correct answers

Any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions
