ECAT {H} - HQ Operations
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Welcome to today's {H} - HQ Operations ECAT Session!
As usual, please stay seated, refrain from going AFK, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you want to ask a question just wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz at the end.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


As a reminder, when FTF, new recruits should wear the correct uniform in accordance with policy,
and have their motto set as [UK] MI Trainee.
The Sentry is covered in ECAT {Q} - Qualified Sentry Operator.


Next, we’ll go over the Duty Desk Operator.
The Duty Desk Operator supervises HQ Operations and ECAT requests.
As Duty Desk Operator, your role is to maintain HQ activity,
and keeping the Front Row active, ensuring positions are replaced and filled.
When someone requests an ECAT, you should ensure you either message an MI member in HQ,
or ping the whole branch in #training-requests in the HabboUK Discord server.
Also, if a HR or Royal calls a whole-HQ attention, you should sound it using the lever.
Any questions so far?
Answer questions


Within HQ, there are a number of rules and operating procedures to follow.
Beginning with workstations, there are a number of essential positions within HQ.
The order priority for stations is as follows:
1. The Front Row must be filled by two employees.
2. The Sentry must be filled by one employee.
3. The Duty Desk must be filled.
4. The Front Row must be filled by four employees.
5. Both Sentry Stations must be filled.
6. The Welcome Desk must be filled.


In terms of calling attention, the following iCs can call the corresponding levels:
1. 9iC+ can call individual LRs to attention.
2. 7iC+ can call the whole front row to attention.
3. 5iC+ can call all those in workstations to attention.
4. 4iC+ can call a whole-HQ attention.


As a reminder of {BT}, when called to attention, you must:
1. Stand and face the person calling attention.
2. Wave using either ’o/’ or the actions menu.
3. Say ”Yes Sir”, ”Yes Ma’am”, or ”Yes” and the person’s rank.
4. Return to your original position when ’AE’ or ’At Ease’ is called.
Any questions so far?
Answer questions


HQ contains various areas, some of which have requirements for entry, and are as follows:
1. VIP/Throne Room: Employees 5iC+ (7iC+ when the front is filled), Peers, and Veterans.
2. The AFK room is open to all in HQ.
3. The Tech Room (below the AFK room) is only for trainees and trainers.
4. Sentry Stations may only be filled by personnel with ECAT {Q}.
All other areas are open to anyone.


I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learnt from this session.
You need 3/4 to pass the quiz. If you are unsure of the answer, say "pass”.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer questions


Say the following line only if multiple trainees are in attendance
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.


Ensure not to send the answer along with the question


1. What is the first priority when filling stations?
Two employees on the Front
2. What rank can call a whole-HQ attention?
4iC+
3. What ECAT is required to fill the Sentry Stations?
ECAT {Q}


4. When may 7iC+ enter the VIP Room?
When at least four people are FTF


Correct their answers

Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer questions
