ECAT {BT} - Basic Training
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Hello and welcome to today’s {BT} Basic Training Session!
Please stay seated, refrain from going AFK, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you want to ask a question just wave by typing ’o/’.
I advise that you make note of information as it’ll be important for the quiz at the end.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

Throughout your time within the UK, to progress, you will be required to pass a series of ECATs.
This stands for Extra-Curriculars and Training, and is similar to the FEAT system used in other orgs.
Again, this is the {BT} ECAT (meaning Basic Training), and will inform you of some of your duties
that you will perform as a UK employee and form your basic knowledge of our Government.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions

The following is basic information that all employees are expected to know:
HM, King Terrorization, is the reigning monarch and Head-of-State.
HM, Queen Rosanthe, is the Queen Consort, and the Prince of Wales is HRH, amazingconnor.
iC stands for ’In Command’, so the Prime Minister is 1iC & Deputy PM is 2iC. 9iC is the lowest.
The current Prime Minister (PM) is Apped.
When you join the UK, you are a Low-Rank (LR). LRs cannot claim pay.
Medium-Ranks (MRs) & High-Ranks (HRs) have an iC in their motto,
and should be addressed by their title.
You become an MR when you join one of the four branches within the UK.
These are the Executive, the Legislature, the Judiciary, and Military Intelligence (MI).
One cannot join the Executive, they must be appointed to it,
either by a current member, or by winning a General Election.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions

Now for the basic rules of the UK. All employees are subject to these.
Failure to do so may result in disciplinary action, which is further outlined in ECAT {D},
but the basics are that it is a ’4 strikes and out’ system.
These rules are as follows:
1. Respect all employees/visitors and follow the Habbo Way.
2. Do not swear excessively, spam, use red or neon coloured chat, effects or dance.
3. Wear the correct uniform, badge, and motto for your rank.
4. Do not double-job and ask for rights or promotions, or promote oneself.
5. Do not enter any teles or the VIP room without authorisation.
6. Refrain from idling/going AFK while at the front desk.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Now for some of the basic commands used in HQ. They are as follows:
FTF - Fill the Front (Sit at the front desk and recruit/help others)
BTB - Back to Base (Return to HQ)
FTS/GC - Fill Sentry/Fill Gate Control (Fill the security area to allow others entry)
AE - At Ease (Return to your original position)
CTH - Clear the Halls (Sit in a room or FTF/FTS)

When called to attention, one must:
	1. Stand and face the person calling attention.
	2. Wave
	3. Say ’Yes Sir’ or ’Yes Ma’am’, or otherwise appropriately address them by their rank.
4. When told to AE, return to your original position.

Next I’ll give you a short quiz on what you’ve learned.
You need 5/7 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.
Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.

1. Who is the current acting Prime Minister?
Hexal
2. Who is the current King?
Terrorization
3. Name two commands and what they mean.
See above list
4. List two UK branches.
Executive, Legislature, Judiciary, Military Intelligence (MI)
5. List two rules you must follow whilst a member of the UK.
See above list
6. How many strikes does it take to be fired/dismissed?
Four Strikes
7. Demonstrate attention.
Any wrong move negates the mark

Correct their answers

Move over to the Group Pennant furni
Please request the badge [UK] - MI Access ID from the Group Pennant or my profile.
Let me know when you’ve requested it.
Wait for the trainees to request the badge & ping MI Leadership in #department-requests or DM a badge admin on Habbo
Please change your motto to: [UK] MI5 Constable [{PROMO TAG}]
Wear a non-HC dark-red beret & wait for the trainee to change their motto
Now wear a non-HC dark-red beret, it’s the hat I’m wearing.

If the trainee’s badge has not yet been accepted, say the following:
Until your badge is accepted, please add [AB] to the end of your motto.

If the badge has been accepted, say the following:
If you are able to, please favourite the [UK] - MI Access ID badge.
However, this is only possible when using the classic (Flash) client.

Excellent! Welcome to the United Kingdom.
Before you are allowed to start filling the front, you must complete ECAT {R}.
This is to ensure all staff know the proper procedure for recruiting.
If you would like to take it now, then let me know,
otherwise, you may take it next time you are online, by getting in touch with a member of MI.
Answer any questions

