ECAT {O} Online Security
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]


Welcome to today's ECAT session, {O} - Online Security.
Today we'll be looking at online safety, and keeping your data secure.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


First, we’ll talk about passwords.
A strong password is completely impersonal, i.e. without your name, a pet’s name, or your DOB.
You should use a unique password for each app and website.
This is so that if one password gets leaked, not all your accounts are compromised.
It is recommended to use an encrypted password manager to store your passwords.


Next up, Multi-Factor Authentication
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA/2FA) is a security practice which forces the user to enter,
both their password, and at least one more ’factor’.
This could be a code generated by an app (such as Authy), or sent via SMS or email,
or some form of biometric identification (like a fingerprint).
SMS authentication is not recommended as it is considered very insecure,
and it is recommended to use MFA on all platforms which support it, which includes Habbo.
Any questions so far?
Answer any questions


Thirdly, Social Media
It is important to be wary of what we post online,
as it can allow strangers to view what we do in our day-to-day lives.
This can be dangerous as you could reveal where you live or work.
This is why we recommend keeping personal social media accounts set to ’private’,
as well as not accepting friend requests from those you don’t know.


Next, Habbo
It is important that, no matter how nice you believe other Habbos to be,
you don’t reveal your personal information to them.
We really do encourage making friends on Habbo,
but please don’t give your personal socials etc. to these new friends.
This is due to the fact that you really don’t know who is ’behind the screen’,
and the last thing you want is for your privacy and/or personal spaces to be invaded.
Are there any questions so far?
Answer any questions


Now, Antimalware & Updating
Most modern devices will come pre-installed with antimalware software (like Windows Defender).
This software’s job is to find, quarantine, and remove malicious software which could
send your personal information to an attacker or hack any of your accounts.
Thusly, it is important that these programs are kept up-to-date.
You should also ensure that your computer has all the latest security updates installed.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


6. Linked Accounts
It is recommended not to link personal accounts in any way to your Habbo ones.
Be that by Discord connections or otherwise,
and if you log in to Habbo via Facebook it’s recommended to change your password regularly.


7. Phishing
A phishing attempt is an attempt to trick one into sending their details to an attacker.
This may be done through a form made to look like a legitimate one.
It is vital that you are wary of these scams in order to keep you,
and your personal information safe.


If you’re worried in any way about your online security or safety,
then please contact a member of the Ministry of Defence, or branch leadership.
More info on online safety can be found on the HabboUK site, as well as on a variety of charities’ websites.

Next, I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learned from this session.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you are unsure of the answer, say ’pass’.


Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.


Any questions before we start?
Ensure not to send the answer along with the question


1. What is MFA
Multi-Factor Authentication; 2 or more steps to verify identity (to that effect)
2. Why should you not share your personal socials with Habbo friends?
Don’t know who’s behind the screen; Jeopardise personal safety
3. Who should you speak with (within the UK) if you’re concerned about online security?
MoD/Branch Leadership

Correct their answers.
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer their questions

