ECAT {N} - Navigating the Site & Discord
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]


Welcome to today's ECAT session.
Today we'll be looking at navigating the HabboUK Website & Discord Server.
Any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions


First, we'll talk about the website.
Its address is HabboUK»com and it is the primary resource for
everything to do with HabboUK.
Under the 'Governance' tab, you can find info on the Royal Family,
as well as the different branches and offices of the UK.
This includes forms for transfers, initiating court proceedings, and other such things.


Under the 'News' tab, you can find all the latest UK press releases, as well as the newsletter.
Under the 'Learn' tab, you can find such things as the SLR, Anti-Bullying policy,
uniform policies, HQ rules, & lists of ranks, VIPs, & Constituencies.
And on the 'Justice' page you can find info on recent and upcoming hearings.
Are there any questions?
Answer any questions


After creating an account, and logging in, you'll have access to your tasks and duty quota, as well as account settings.
All account related pages are found to the right of the menu bar.
Hovering over icons will tell you what they mean.
Your dashboard page is found under the name of your branch,
it shows your weekly stats, branch announcements and scripts & handbooks if relevant.
Duty Quota information is found by clicking your username in the top right, the Duty Quota.
This is further explained in ECAT {P}.


If you are MI or 7iC+, you’ll also have access to the EE:DB.
It stands for 'Employee Database',
It holds all the info on current and past UK employees, and is used to promote LRs.


LoAs (Leave of Absence) requests can be made via the website.
Under the drop-down with your username, there's an LoA button.
You must inform your branch leadership when you submit an LoA.


Once they become 7iC, non-MI members are able to train LRs.
This includes all ECATs. This is only to be done in the case that no member of MI5 is available.
Scripts can be found on the MI branch portal, located next to your own.
ECATs are to be submitted at the end of the session via the form at the bottom of the page,
as well as on Discord, under the #ecat-submissions channel.
Any questions?
Answer any questions


Now onto Discord.
The Discord server is separated into several categories, including:
Clearance, Requests, Communications & Branches.
'Clearance' is where you verify your Habbo account and have roles added to your Discord.
'Requests' is where you can make requests to other offices and branches.
For example, you may ping MI in #training-request to get someone to train a new recruit.
Treasury requests, however, are in a separate HM Treasury section.
'Communications' is for general chat.
Your branch will also have its own category for announcements, discussion & anything else they need.


It is asked that the rules laid out in #terms-conditions are abided by,
and that no NSFW content is posted in the Discord server, i.e. that it is kept ’PG-13’.


I'm going to give you a quiz to see what you've learned from this session.
You need 2/3 correct to pass. If you are unsure of the answer, say ’pass’.


Say the following line only if multiple LRs are in attendance.
Please whisper your answers to me and don't confer.


Any questions before we start it?
Answer any questions


Are we ready to start?
Ensure not to send the answer along with the question


1. What does EE:DB stand for?
Employee Database
2. Name one example of something found on your branch web dashboard.
Branch announcements, weekly stats, branch tasking info or any other valid answer
3. List two categories on the Discord server.
Clearance, Requests, Communications, Branch’s, Official Comms/Announcements, Committees, etc.


Correct their answers
Before we finish up, do you have any final questions?
Answer their questions
