ECAT {T} - Transfer Procedure
[To be spoken]
[Notes for Agent]

Welcome to ECAT {T} - Transfer Procedure.
Today we’ll be looking at how transfers are processed and how to help transferees.
Please refrain from going AFK, stay seated, and don’t speak unless asked.
If you need to ask a question, please wave by typing ’o/’.
I’d advise you to make note of this information as it’ll be important for the quiz.
Are there any questions before we begin?
Answer any questions

The Home Office is responsible for processing all transfers into the UK.
It is led by the Secretary of State for Home Affairs (Home Secretary) [5iC].
The current Home Secretary is KyleGunzkofer8.
Their deputy is the Minister for Home Affairs[6iC].
Any questions?
Answer any questions.

Anyone who currently works in another agency or military (or who has prior experience),
has the right to request a transfer or ’reinstatement’.
Those requesting a transfer should be directed to the HabboUK»com website.
From there they should click: ’Governance’ -> ’Home Office’.
The transfer request form can then be located near the bottom of the page.
NB, the ’Transfer’ button on the navigation bar does not work for Lords.
Thusly, advise against using this button for those having trouble with the form.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Upon the form being filled out, a member of the Home Office, should be informed.
If there is not one online, then they may be contacted through the Discord server.
If you are not a member of the server, make sure to ask one else to contact them.

Please inform the transferee of the following:
1. Their transfer could take up to 36 hours.
2. What rank they will get will be up to the leadership of the branch they’re joining.
3. If they are getting an 8iC+ rank they will need to fill out a background check.
The BGC form is available from the ECAT Requirements page, under the Learn tab.
Any questions?
Answer any questions

Next, I’ll give you a short quiz to assess what you’ve learnt.
You need 2/3 to pass. If you are unsure of the correct answer, just say ’pass’.
Do you have any questions before it starts?
Answer any questions

If there are multiple LRs present:
Please whisper your answers to me and do not confer.


1. Who is the current Home Secretary?
KyleGunzkofer8
2. How can transferees access the transfer form?
Accept anything relating to HabboUK website, reiterate specific path whilst correcting answers
3. How long could the transfer process take?
36 hours

Correct their answers

Please let me or a member of MI if you wish to take any more ECATs.
Are there any questions before we finish up?
Answer any questions

